README.md, before:

# InfluxDB UDP Relay

Receives UDP messages with points in line protocol and forwards them to InfluxDB HTTP API.

# Installation
* Go to your Home Assistant Add-on store and add this repository: `https://github.com/fl4p/home-assistant-addons`
  [![Open your Home Assistant instance and show the dashboard of a Supervisor add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=2af0a32d_batmon&repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Ffl4p%2Fhome-assistant-addons)
* Install influxdb-udp-relay add-on

Works with InfluxDB v1 or v2.


# Configuration
There is not much to configure. You can set the UDP receiver port in the options.

The add-on reads Home Assistant's `/config/configuration.yaml` for InfluxDB credentials.
Make sure you have an influxdb section similar to:
```
influxdb:
  host: a0d7b954-influxdb
  port: 8086
  database: home_assistant
  username: ha
  password: secret
  max_retries: 3
  default_measurement: state
```

If `host` is not specified it falls back to "homeassistant.local"

You can add additinional remote / cloud servers through the options array `additional_servers`.
```
additional_servers:
  - host: "example.com"
    port: 8086
    ssl: true
    username: ""
    password: ""
    database: ""
```

Commit message:

fix yaml loading
HA custom tag constructors

README.md, after:

# InfluxDB UDP Relay

Receives UDP messages with points in line protocol and forwards them to InfluxDB HTTP API.

# Installation
* Go to your Home Assistant Add-on store and add this repository: `https://github.com/fl4p/home-assistant-addons`
  [![Open your Home Assistant instance and show the dashboard of a Supervisor add-on.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/supervisor_addon.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=2af0a32d_batmon&repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Ffl4p%2Fhome-assistant-addons)
* Install influxdb-udp-relay add-on

Works with InfluxDB v1 or v2.


# Configuration
There is not much to configure. You can set the UDP receiver port in the options.

The add-on reads Home Assistant's `/config/configuration.yaml` for InfluxDB credentials.
Make sure you have an influxdb section similar to:
```
influxdb:
  host: a0d7b954-influxdb
  port: 8086
  database: home_assistant
  username: ha
  password: secret
  max_retries: 3
  default_measurement: state
```

If `host` is not specified it falls back to "homeassistant.local"

You can add additional remote / cloud servers through the add-on options array `additional_servers`.
```
additional_servers:
  - host: "example.com"
    port: 8086
    ssl: true
    username: ""
    password: ""
    database: ""
```


# Note about loading Home Assistant `configuration.yaml`
HA implements custom yaml tags, that need to be registered with a constructor so the YAML loader knows how to construct objects from the tag.
Otherwise you'll get an error similar to `yaml.constructor.ConstructorError: could not determine a constructor for the tag '!secrets'`.
You find a list of HA specific tags in [util/yaml/loader.py](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/dev/homeassistant/util/yaml/loader.py#L401)
